RULES:
6 dice

Find first person, each player rolls one die, highest wins, ties must re-roll till one winner.

During each roll, player must have at least one die that is playable.

If more than one playable die(dice), player must choose which ones to keep or keep all.

In order to get on the scoreboard, players must attain a cumulative score of 450 points during a single turn
  afterwards, a player could keep as little as 50 points (that being the lowest possible score) and up to as much as a
  player can achieve in a single turn.

All playable dice that are kept must be taken out of play and kept showing their playable value until the player has
  no more dice to roll.

If a player is on the scoreboard and is rolling but has 5 kept dice, that player can choose to stop and receive the
  current points or can roll the last die.

If a player has kept all playable dice and has no more dice to roll, the player must roll all 6 dice again.

If during the turn a player has no playable die(dice), the player farkles loses all the points from that turn
  and is next players turn.

At no time can a player add dice from one roll to another roll to change that roll. All rules are for individual rolls.

PLAYABLE ROLLS:
  1 and 5:
      1 = 100
      5 = 50
 Triples:
      These rules apply to individual roll cases and cannot be combined with multiple rolls
      2 = 200
      3 = 300
      4 = 400
      5 = 500
      6 = 600
      1 = 1,100
      Each additional die that is the same as the triple adds 100 points per extra die up to 5 dice
      Note - If player rolls all 6 dice of the same number, they win
      If player gets two sets of Triples, then the player can choose to keep one or both Triples.
      In case player chooses both Triples, simply add the value of each Triple together for the score, however,
          the player must roll again.
  Pairs:
      Must have three sets of pairs in a single roll to count
      3 sets of pairs = 500
      Must roll again
  Straight:
      Must have the straight in a single roll to count as a straight
      1 - 6 = 1,500
      Must roll again

WINNING CONDITIONS:
  The first player to reach 10,000 points sets the game to end, but all players must roll until they beat the
  winning players score or farkle. If no other player beats the winning score, the player with the winning score wins.
  However, if another player beats the winning score than the player with the initial winning score rolls to beat the
  new score or farkle. This will go on until one of the players farkles, whoever did not farkle thus wins.
  Important - If at anytime a player rolls all 6 dice in a single roll that are the same number, that player wins.

Rules for keeping dice:
    All single playable dice, type each one in with a space between, no space at end
    If you have three or more of a kind, three sets of pairs, or a straight, type those in with no spaces
    If you have two three of a kinds, type them in with only one space between the two sets of triples